Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
[calming guitar music playing]
♪
[animal calling]
[chicken clucking]
[eerie music playing]
[tap dripping]
[wolf howling distantly]
[tense string music playing]
[wolf howling]
[Chantelle sobbing quietly]
[Chantelle crying]
[Chantelle whispering] William.
[eerie music crescendoing]
[music stops]
[rooster crows]
[birds chirping]
[tense music playing]
[music crescendoing]
-[William gasping]
-[water splashing]
[rooster crows]
[Chantelle hums] Bad dream?
Maybe.
[Chantelle] You're all sweaty.
-It's humid here.
-[Chantelle hums]
[rooster crows]
That cock
is crowing again.
I was trying
not to notice.
It's annoying.
You want me
to shoot it for you?
Yeah.
Just have to find it first
and get a gun.
I think I know where it is.
Gun in the drawer downstairs.
What? No. there isn't.
Yeah. In the living room.
-Are you serious?
-Mm-hmm.
-That can't be legal.
-It's John's uncle.
You're happy?
Very.
And you?
Despite being dragged here.
[chuckles]
You were not dragged here.
So. you're feeling recharged?
I think so.
Okay. let's maybe
give it a couple more days
before making
any bold statements.
I'm very happy
when I'm here with you.
Oh. yeah?
When are you here without me?
I'm not.
Not bringing any other women
here behind my back. are you?
-It's an interesting idea.
-[Chantelle chuckles]
-Oy!
-Easy. tiger.
I think we should
go out for breakfast.
[William] Where?
Can we go somewhere
with a little bit more life?
There isn't anywhere.
Not in walking distance.
Their coffee's crap.
Then have tea.
I'm not dignifying
that with a response.
Okay.
How about
we have coffee in bed
and then
we have food after?
Okay.
[Chantelle laughing]
[birds chirping]
[eerie music playing]
[calm music playing]
[Chantelle] Hold-- hold up.
What's wrong?
Got something in my shoe.
You want to go back?
-No.
-If you want to go back.
just say so.
don't make excuses.
-See?
-Okay. then.
Do you hear that?
What?
Silence.
[William] Mm-hmm.
Sometimes I wish
we could just escape it all.
Well. we have.
No. I mean. like.
permanently. you know?
Just leave everything behind
and start fresh
in a place like this.
It's a nice idea.
but it's too quiet here.
-It would get boring.
-Quiet is good.
Boring is good.
Escaping the rat race.
even better.
You'd miss the noise.
You'd want
to go home in a month.
What if we just did it?
What if we just relocate?
-People would miss us.
-Yeah. but would we miss them?
Maybe. Maybe not.
[rustling]
Do you hear that?
What now?
I thought
I heard something.
-Was it the silence again?
-Very funny.
No. it was like
something was moving.
-It was probably a squirrel.
-It was bigger than that.
You do get rabid
badgers in these parts.
All right. shut up.
What if it's an escaped convict
or an ax murderer. huh?
[William] Then I guess
I'd have to kick his ass.
Come on. let's get going
before it rains.
[suspenseful music playing]
[dog barking]
[faint chatter]
[wind howling]
[fire crackling faintly]
You know it's far too warm
a night to have a fire going.
-It's romantic.
-It is.
I think we should
come back here every year.
There's more places for us to
see than just here. you know?
Yeah. but this
is our place.
It's special.
It doesn't have
a hot tub.
Okay. what is your obsession
with hot tubs?
You know there's
a perfectly good bath. right?
That's not the same.
What's wrong?
You will always look after me.
won't you. William?
I think we better
not have any more wine.
No. I'm not kidding.
You will. right?
-You know that.
-Well. then say it.
I'm being serious.
Okay.
I'll always take care of you.
Where is this
coming from anyway?
I don't know just...
I want to feel safe.
You are safe.
Nothing bad is gonna happen.
I just
get this feeling like...
It's like
we've been here before.
but it's different.
Maybe it's what's ahead.
Okay.
I feel like
I know what's coming.
And it doesn't
feel good.
But this is good.
Right here. right now.
This is all we need.
Just you and me
together. yeah?
Yeah.
[fire crackling]
[shrill music playing]
[William] Chantelle!
[music stops]
[Chantelle] Hurry up.
It's starting to rain.
-Shit.
-What's wrong?
-I scraped my wrist.
-Here. let me see.
Yeah. I think you'll live.
[William] You reckon?
I mean. if we get you
back to the cottage in time.
we might even
save the hand.
[William]
Well. that's a relief.
Better be careful
injuring yourself like that.
Don't want people
to think you're self-harming.
[Chantelle sobbing]
[suspenseful music playing]
[birds chirping]
[contemplative music playing]
[music continues]
[suspenseful music playing]
[animal chewing]
[pensive music playing]
[distant conversation]
[music intensifies]
[crow cawing]
[ghostly whispering]
[whispering fades]
[tense music playing]
[distant howling]
[Chantelle]
So I don't know when exactly.
but she is definitely
going to come.
I think probably
sometime at the end of October.
Well?
Remember
what you said last time?
When?
Last time we were here.
You said you had a feeling
like we'd been here before.
Maybe.
I'm feeling
like that right now.
And you call me strange?
Does this feel
real to you?
Does this feel like
we're actually here right now?
Yes.
Anyway. can we get back
to reality for a minute
so you can actually
answer my question?
Look. I know we've been
putting this off for ages.
but she really wants to
meet you and I think it's time.
Whatever makes you happy.
[chuckles]
Love the enthusiasm. really.
You know
I love you. right?
God. you really
are weird sometimes.
Maybe.
It's true.
I love you too.
-[screaming]
-Chantelle!
[crow cawing]
[distorted scream]
[cawing continues]
[keys jingling]
[creature growling]
[deep. vicious growling]
[crow cawing]
[tense music playing]
[cacophonic music playing]
[ghostly whispering]
[whispering fades]
[panting]
[phone ringing]
[phone continues to ring]
[phone stops ringing]
[wolf howling]
[suspenseful music playing]
[howling continues]
[loud howling]
[music stops]
[rooster crows]
[phone ringing]
[phone stops ringing]
[phone starts ringing]
-Hello?
-[John] You didn't answer.
It stopped before I got here.
[John] Called yesterday
as well.
It was the same thing.
[John] You haven't
gone out. have you?
Have you?
-I was...
-[John] Just answer.
-Only for a bit.
-[John] Jesus Christ.
-I had to.
-[John] I told you. all right.
you can't do that.
it's not safe.
I only went for a walk
down the road.
[John] You didn't
want to see her?
No.
[John] It's too risky. all
right? You need to be smart.
And. hey. you don't understand
what's going on out there.
I think I do.
[John]
Listen to me. all right?
You can't take a risk like
that again. Do you understand?
Okay. I won't.
-Can I ask you something?
-[John] Yeah. sure.
-Do you blame me?
-[John] What?
Do you blame me?
[John] Of course I don't blame
you. you know that.
What is wrong with you?
Just keep
your head screwed on.
I'm trying.
I just need to know something
about what's
going on back home.
[John]
Nothing good.
I saw my picture. It was--
[John]
Wait. you saw your picture?
What. you've been online?
No.
[John]
Where did you see it. then?
-A newspaper.
-[John] Oh. for fuck's sake!
They were on display
outside the shop.
Nobody saw me.
-I didn't go in.
-[John] For your own good.
you've got to stay away
from people.
We discussed this already.
I know we did.
I just had to do something.
[John] You can't.
You have to stay in.
I'm trying.
I do appreciate
everything you've done.
[John] Good.
Because I'm in as much trouble
as you if we're found out.
I'll be more careful.
[John] Look. just stay
away from the TV
and the internet and don't
make any phone calls.
I'll see if I can
get you next week.
Next week?
[John]
I can't do earlier than that.
I think
they might be watching me.
Can you tell me
anything else?
[John]
No. Now just stay inside.
Do not leave the house.
[line disconnects]
[mellow piano music playing]
[owl hooting]
[shrill. eerie music playing]
[music fades]
[suspenseful music playing]
[Chantelle whispering] William.
[faint scraping]
[tense music playing]
[scraping continues]
♪
[music crescendoing]
[music stops]
[water running]
What's the matter
with you?
I don't know.
Right. Well.
You planning on getting
out of bed anytime soon?
It's nearly lunchtime.
I guess I'll get up.
Don't forget
to make the bed.
Remember. last one up
rules apply.
Yeah. sure.
I'm. uh-- I'm just going
to head to the shed.
The shed?
The shop. William.
I'm going to go to the shop.
Do you need anything?
No thanks.
Okay. I'll see you later.
[William] Bye.
You forgot your phone.
Hey. you forgot
your phone.
[suspenseful music playing]
[Chantelle screaming]
[birds chirping]
Whatever happens...
we can get
through this together.
[tense music playing]
What are you doing here?
You looked like
you needed the company.
-I thought you were--
-Dead?
What happened?
I-- I wasn't sure if it was--
Real.
I mean. I can understand
your reasoning there.
It has been
a complicated chain of events.
You might as well
have a seat.
This is a nice...
cozy little abode.
Is it yours?
A friend's.
Must be a good friend.
He is.
Or at least he was
before all of this.
[The Visitor hums]
They say alone time
is good for the soul.
But too much
can lead you down a dark path.
They're getting closer.
you know.
Who?
You don't know that.
[The Visitor]
I do.
And you've come
to warn me?
Well I've no interest
in warning you about anything.
Then what?
Quite the scene
of carnage left behind.
Not exactly
a trail of breadcrumbs. but...
only a matter
of time.
Do you have
any idea right now...
what's going on?
No.
Really?
Oh. you poor. poor boy.
What a number
this has done on your brain.
But you do know.
Deep down. you know.
Maybe you could tell me
what I'm supposed to know.
We could have this
conversation a thousand times
and it wouldn't
change a thing.
There are no answers
when you're not interested
in what's real.
-I know what's real.
-No you don't.
[William] I see things.
Out there in the woods.
-People.
-Oh. yes.
They're always out there
watching me.
Well. they're--
they're part of this now.
But they're not real.
And neither are you.
I can assure you
this is very real.
I'm not a figment
of your imagination
and neither are they.
You can't run
from the truth
and you can't solve this
by causing harm to yourself.
Yes. I know about that.
And I can assure you.
it would solve nothing.
It would put an end
to my suffering.
Leaving
that thing outside. alone.
It would start
all over again.
It won't be like before.
It's locked away.
If you believe that.
you're in more trouble
than I thought.
I think
you should go now.
It'’s going to
happen again.
And it's going to
keep on happening again
unless you do
what needs to be done.
We'll suffer
because of you.
-I--
-Uh.
Think on it.
[eerie whispering]
[suspenseful music plays]
-[distorted screaming]
-[growling]
[birds chirping]
[tense music plays]
[birds squawking]
[distorted whispering]
[loud. ominous tone plays]
[knocking]
♪
[eerie music plays]
It's really you.
Who else would it be?
I don't know.
I really don't know.
[Chantelle] And what exactly
do you think you need to know?
You shouldn't be here.
This doesn't make sense.
Hey. Are you all right?
You look a bit sickly.
This-- this isn'’t happening.
You can't be here right now.
[Chantelle]
Hmm? Why are you saying that?
This place is dangerous.
[Chantelle]
I don't see any danger.
There's something
outside in the woods.
What? I didn't see
anything on the drive up here.
There are these people.
-They'’re--
-Okay. look. William.
you need to calm down.
Everything's okay.
-I thought I'd lost you.
-[Chantelle scoffs]
Of course
you didn't lose me.
Don't be silly.
You need to relax more.
I'm always
telling you that.
You're going to
make yourself unwell.
I've felt better.
Maybe you should
go see a doctor.
I don'’t need a doctor.
Okay.
[William] Where are you going?
Just to the car.
No.
-What?
-This isn't right.
It's not normal.
Life is not like it was.
What is wrong with you?
Something's wrong.
You shouldn't be here.
Oh. okay.
enough now. William.
You're getting
yourself into a state.
Everything's fine.
I can't let
bad things happen again.
They won't.
Look.
We'll just have
a nice time. yeah?
Forget about everything else.
Sound good?
-[birds chirping]
-[eerie music plays]
This place
is pretty dusty.
Have you been cleaning?
Not really.
You been
getting out much?
Couple of times.
I need
to keep out of sight.
Why?
You don't know?
Of course you know.
Maybe we should
go for a walk later.
-I'm not going to the village.
-I didn't say the village.
We have to
keep clear of people.
Okay.
We'll walk in the fields then.
I just
don't understand it.
Understand what?
♪
[spray hissing]
[mysterious music plays]
[birds chirping]
Hey.
you got any coffee?
Top shelf.
Same as always.
[chuckles softly]
You want one?
-Uh. maybe not.
-You know. I was thinking
on the way over here.
we should really
get a proper machine.
just something we can
bring with us when we come.
[Chantelle chuckles]
You're always complaining
about the coffee
when we get here.
so it'’d solve that problem.
Hm.
Oh. and I was
going to drive over
to the superstore tomorrow.
just pick up
a few bits and pieces.
I assume you've been
living off of deer
and take away without me.
so I thought maybe I could
make us a proper dinner.
Hey. why don't you
come sit with me?
[shrill tone plays]
You know. I can't even remember
the last time I saw you.
Pretty strange.
don't you think?
You've been
under a lot of pressure.
It's understandable.
-Is it. though?
-Of course.
You're--
you're too hard on yourself.
I'm sure
it was the trip.
Yeah. yeah.
I think it was.
But it can't be. I know
I've seen you since then.
I don't think that you need
to worry about this right now.
The last time I saw you.
something happened.
You don't remember that?
I don't know what
you're talking about.
It-- it was bad.
I don't know what.
but it-- it was serious.
You're not well. William.
-Can you stop saying that?
-You need to stop this.
And how did we
leave things?
-Leave what things?
-Between you and me.
-What does that matter?
-I want you to tell me
how we left things
between you and me.
Like normal. I suppose.
But if the trip was the last
time I saw you. that was.
what. two months ago?
Yeah.
something like that.
That can't be
the last time we spoke.
I think it probably was.
Two months since we last spoke
and that seems normal to you?
We haven't spoken
for two whole months.
Have you got your medication
here with you. William?
Medication?
I am not on any medication.
-[distorted whispering]
-[faint screaming]
-What are you doing?
-We need to go inside. now.
You hear that?
What?
Silence.
[chuckles]
Same as it always is.
I was hearing things
before at night.
What. more of your rabid
squirrels. was it? [chuckles]
Have you ever thought
there was such a thing
as a perfect moment?
Of course.
Beside perfect.
you just wanted to
relive it again and again.
even though you knew
it wasn't real anymore.
We don't need
to relive anything.
There's something
going on here.
I don't know what...
but that thing
is out there in the woods...
and we're just here.
you and me. together.
Uh. you've lost me with that.
I remember
something else from the trip.
You got hurt.
I got hurt?
No. no. that'’s not right.
You must be imagining things.
We were out hiking
and that's when it happened.
I think
you're confused. William.
We came back
and you were okay. but then...
I can't remember.
We're here now.
That'’s all that matters.
Things are different.
Everything's changed.
All I've ever done
is try to protect you.
I know.
And I love you for that.
If I can hold you
right now. I mean...
really hold you...
then maybe all that
other stuff will just go away.
Maybe it was
just a bad dream.
I love you so much.
-[Chantelle chuckles]
-[calming piano melody plays]
♪
[distant howling]
[howling continues]
[eerie music plays]
Chantelle?
[door creaking]
[Chantelle whispering] William.
William.
♪
[Chantelle whispering] William.
[vicious growling]
[growling continues]
[Chantelle whispering] William.
[growling]
[shrill music plays]
[panting]
[creature growling]
♪
[growling continues]
[growling intensifies]
[bangs on door]
[creature growling]
[growling continues]
[distant howling]
[ominous whispering]
-[distant screaming]
-[creature growling]
♪
[intense music plays]
[birds chirping]
[indistinct chatter]
[phone rings]
[phone keeps ringing]
-Hello?
-[John] Will?
What the fuck?
I've been ringing all morning.
I was outside.
[John] Listen.
it's all over the news.
Three people have been
killed near the cottage.
-What?
-[John] Escaped. ain't it?
Will?
Yeah.
[John] Oh. shit.
There'’s a massive
search going on.
They're going to find you.
They know
about the cottage?
[John] No. but you're going to
have to get out of there.
Where can I go?
[John]
Well. I honestly don't know.
I can't leave.
I have to find it.
[John]
Will. listen to me.
That thing out there
is not Chantelle.
What did you just say?
[John] That thing.
it's not her anymore.
You got to let it go.
I'm here alone.
[John] Will.
you'’re losing it. all right?
I brought you there
weeks ago.
You did?
[John] You called me to help
you find her that night.
I got you both out of there.
I brought you to the cottage.
You'll be smart here. Will.
You need to listen to me.
I'm sorry. John.
[phone clanks]
[contemplative music plays]
[Chantelle]
It won'’t happen again.
[sniffs] Please.
Please. we can'’t
let it happen again.
[Chantel sobbing]
No. I don'’t want to change.
[crow cawing]
[tense music plays]
[phone ringing]
[Chantelle's mom] Hello?
Hello?
-Hi.
-[Chantelle's mom] Who is that?
It's William.
[Chantelle's mom] William.
My God. Where are you?
I can't tell you.
[Chantelle's mom] The police--
Everybody's looking for you.
I know.
[Chantelle's mom]
Are you with Chantelle?
I need to talk to you.
[Chantelle's mom] Is she safe?
William. will you please
just tell me if she's safe?
I don'’t--
[Chantelle's mom]
What-- what'’s happened?
Where's my daughter?
That's all my fault.
[Chantelle's mom] Is she alive?
Please.
just tell me she's alive.
I have to deal with it now.
[Chantelle's mom] What do you
mean?
William.
tell me what that means.
I'm sorry.
[Chantelle's mom]
Tell me where she is.
You tell me where she is.
I'm so. so sorry.
[fire crackling]
It's your own fault
you suffer.
You think
I don't know that?
No. I think now you do.
The trip
we took was my idea.
What happened to her
was my fault.
Ah. these little
moments of fate
that bring us
crashing down to where we are.
We argued that day.
But I never
meant what I said.
It's such a terrible.
terrible tragedy.
Whatever it was that attacked
us started all of this.
Yes.
I promised...
I'’d always
take care of her.
[The Visitor] But you didn't.
You didn't
deal with anything.
And look
where that got you.
If I could just
hold her one more time
and tell her
that I'm sorry.
Now. she's not
what you remember.
You know there is only
one thing left to do.
You saw
that others have died.
And that's on you.
It was locked away.
I thought
it was secure.
You were wrong.
And it won't be long
until they find it.
Maybe it's good
that they find it.
Maybe they can
put an end to it all.
More will die.
Only you can stop that.
I don't think I can.
It's back
in the barn now.
[howling]
I hear it.
I can'’t.
You must.
I look pretty.
Don't you think?
My fate...
the same
as the rest of them.
It's in the drawer
over there.
Take it.
♪
It's a full moon tonight.
[shrill music plays]
She doesn't deserve this.
She wouldn't have wanted
to end up like that.
Think of it
as a kindness.
They're almost there.
Now is the time.
[shrill music plays]
♪
[Chantelle] [exhales]
You have to help me. William.
Please. Please.
[Chantelle crying]
[tense music plays]
♪
-[creature growling]
-[gunshots]
[creature whining]
[dogs barking]
[suspenseful music plays]
[dogs continue barking]
♪
[screaming loudly]
[fire crackling]
[small thud]
It isn'’t over yet.
you know?
It is.
I did it.
Just one more thing.
[William grunts]
[The Visitor] She did that not
long after you first arrived.
Sorry to say you've got
the same fate coming to you.
That's not possible.
Well. you'’ll change.
just like she did.
But at least
you're the last one.
You can break the chain.
[melancholic music plays]
Um...
best to use that
before it happens.
There's no other way.
Bastard.
See you around.
[sighs]
[suspenseful music plays]
♪
[grunts]
[shrill music plays]
[yelling in pain]
[grunts and groans]
[snarls]
[growling]
[sirens blaring]
[distant howling]
[growls]
[music intensifies]
♪ I'’m sorry ♪
♪ Never wanted to believe
a single thing they said ♪
♪ I'’m sorry ♪
♪ Should'’ve listened to the
voice going round my head ♪
♪ '‘Cause I believe ♪
♪ That you were
playing some games ♪
♪ And now I know ♪
♪ Can'’t stand another day.
not another day ♪
♪ Away from you ♪
♪ I'’m sorry ♪
♪ So sorry ♪
♪[indistinct lyrics]
now I'’m living with regret ♪
♪ I'’m sorry ♪
♪ You left a memory
I bet you wish we never met ♪
♪ Oh. time has changed ♪
♪ Can'’t see it any other way ♪
♪ And now I know ♪
♪ Can'’t spend another day.
not another day ♪
♪ Away from you ♪
♪ I'’m sorry ♪
♪ So sorry ♪
♪ I don'’t understand
a single thing we'’ve done ♪
♪ I think that
common sense has surely won ♪
♪ I can say enough
for all I put you through ♪
♪ Memories are all
I ever had of you ♪
♪
♪ I tried to say ♪
♪ I'’m sorry ♪
♪ The only way I can ♪
♪ And now I know ♪
♪ Can'’t spend another day.
not another day ♪
♪ Away from you ♪
♪ And I feel
there is nothing left for me ♪
♪ This is how
it'’s meant to be ♪
♪ Everyday. all my life ♪
♪ I can take you by the hand
but you'’ll never understand ♪
♪ I'’m sorry ♪
♪ So sorry ♪
[music ends]